(gentle music)
- That night I waited for Nana
to reply to my text message.
I got more and more worried
as the night went on.
Once it got past midnight,
I couldn't take it anymore.
I grabbed my cell
phone to call her.
And right then my phone
beeped with a new message.
It was from her.
(upbeat rock music)
- [Reira] You know, I'm
really half Japanese.
My dad was American.
He got sick and died when I was
six.
Whenever people find
out I'm half American,
they suddenly start
thinking I'm beautiful
because of that,
like, that's why I have
a good singing voice.
So my agency said I
should keep it a secret
and impress the public
by letting them think I'm
just the same as they are.
I don't really care either way
just as long as I get to sing.
People are always telling
me how I should act,
what I should say.
They're afraid I'm gonna say
something
that'll ruin my image,
but there's no image to ruin.
I am who I am.
It's hard to be human.
The next day it rained like
crazy.
The supermarket where I
was working was deserted.
No one was taking my
samples of Gyoza
and the smell made my
hair and clothes wreak.
I thought I was gonna lose it.
- [Shin] What a surprise, you
didn't go through with it.
- Shut up, Shin!
It's possible Hachi
might have a clue
about your feelings for her,
but unless you confess the whole
truth,
you're just leaving her
hanging there wondering.
- But what if I tell her
and it scares her off.
- These matches are useless.
Hey, you got a light?
- I don't smoke.
What happened to the big,
lighter of yours
that you used to wear around
your neck?
I thought the point of wearing
it
was so that you wouldn't lose
it.
- Yeah, don't remind me.
I really liked that lighter.
It was vintage.
I'm never gonna be able to
replace it.
- Well, that's karma.
The demon lord's getting
his revenge on you.
- Yeah, probably.
- Huh?
- Hey, Yasu!
- [Yasu] Where's Nana?
- She's not here yet.
So how'd it go with the record
company?
- I'll tell you when Nana gets
here.
- Come on, tell us.
- What are you talking about?
- Oh yeah, Shin,
I called your cell phone last
night but you didn't answer.
I was starting to get
worried about you.
- Hmm.
- So it's good to see
you're here alive and well.
- You were out getting some?
Dude, shouldn't you
slow that down.
- It's just business.
- Don't call that business!
- Yasu, how'd it go?
What did they say?
- Would someone tell me what's
going on?
(cricket singing)
- A scout!
Wait, wait a minute.
Take a deep breath.
Oh my God.
Calm down, Nana.
- You're the one who needs to
calm down.
- Okay, I'm ready now.
You're going to tell me
everything that happened.
- Am I?
It's simple.
What happened was we sent
a demo tape and a video
of our last concert to a few
different record companies.
- Yeah.
- One of them liked what they
saw
and contacted us to
say they're interested.
- Yeah, yeah.
- It was Gaia music.
- (gasps) That's a famous label!
Even I've heard of them.
- Yeah, well they're
only the biggest in town.
- You're gonna sign with them?
- No, not yet, we've got a ways
to go.
- No, aww!
- Yasu had a meeting with
someone from Gaia today.
Apparently, he wants
to come to our next gig
so he can see us perform in
person.
And if we do really well with
that,
then he is gonna seriously
consider signing us.
- Well, that's great.
Once he's seen you, you
guys have got it made.
He's gonna love you.
You guys rock when you play
live.
- You're right.
We've got this one in the bag.
Total victory.
- (chuckles) Victory, I
guess you could call it that.
So when's your next show?
It's at the end of the month,
isn't it?
- Yeah, on the 28th.
- Then we'd better let Misato
know.
- You should have come
to the practice today.
Everyone was so pumped,
especially Nobuo.
His guitar strings kept breaking
(Hachi laughing)
- One of these days,
I'll show him, Takami.
- You should have dropped
by the studio after work.
- Um, Nana.
- Huh?
- Yesterday or the day before
yesterday.
I, anyway, it was the night of
the last trap nest concert.
Takumi came over here
afterwards and...
- Yeah, I know.
I saw you guys kissing
and getting all grabby with
each other.
I tried to say something to
you,
but you didn't seem to
notice I was there.
- She saw us, I'm sorry.
- Huh?
What for?
- I wasn't really thinking
straight.
It all happened so fast.
I hope it didn't weird you out.
I mean, I probably should
have told you sooner.
- Well, I was surprised, but
you don't have to apologize.
- It's just since Takumi came
over
after all the parties
had finished,
I assumed you'd gone over to
see Ren
to spend the night with him.
But then later I thought
that maybe you left
because of me and Takumi me
being here.
So I felt really bad.
- Nah, that's not it.
I got a text from Ren.
So I went over to his place.
- Really?
Thank goodness.
But I remember you telling me
you weren't gonna let Ren stay
over here
'cause you didn't want me to
feel
like I was getting in the way.
I should be doing the same for
you.
- Nah, it's cool with me.
Actually, I think I
might be staying at Ren's
for a while anyway.
- What?
- Want one?
- Sure, so are you like
moving in with him?
- No, just for the two weeks
before Trapnest goes
back on tour.
They don't get many
opportunities to take time off.
So I wanna spend as much
time with him as I can.
- Right, of course, she
wants to be with Ren.
- So go ahead and invite
Takumi me over here every day,
if you want.
You'll pretty much have
the place to yourself.
- He can't come over every day.
He told me he's busy
with lots of things.
Even when it's his day off.
Unless he's lying to me.
- I don't think he's lying,
I think he really is busy.
Remember they only just
got back from their tour.
So he's probably got a
million different things
to catch up on now that
he's home again.
Ren told me something
like that too.
- I guess you're right.
- Yeah, it's gonna be fine.
He'll be here to see you again.
- To be honest,
I never expected you to be
so cool about me and Takumi.
That's why I couldn't bring
myself to tell you before.
I'm really sorry.
- What for?
- I was afraid you'd
think I was being stupid.
- Stupid?
- Because I'm a fan sleeping
with a rock star or whatever.
When you look at it like
that, it is stupid, isn't it?
Even I think it's
kind of stupid.
- Would you listen to yourself?
So what if Takumi happens
to be a member
of a hugely popular band.
That doesn't matter to you
now that you've fallen
in love with him, right?
- It doesn't matter.
Yeah, or maybe it does.
In my mind, I can't really
separate Takumi from Trapnest.
I've never thought of him
as being anything else.
But if I think of him
as just some guy,
he seems like he might be
a total jerk.
- You know, I've got no time for
people who try and sleep
with celebrities just so
they can brag about it
to their friends.
But when I saw you in his arms
and I saw the tears rolling
down your cheeks as he held you,
no way I could think
that was stupid.
I'm sure even a guy like Takumi
would've understood that
those tears of yours
came straight from the heart.
And if he didn't feel that,
he would've pulled away,
probably wondering what
kind of mess
he'd gotten himself into.
So it's gonna be all right.
Just be yourself.
Some of the guys might say
stuff to you about Takumi,
but that's only because they're
worried.
Especially Yasu, he's always
worrying.
Don't let them get to you.
- By the way Nana, while
we're on the subject.
- Huh?
On what subject?
- Did you tell anyone about me
in Takumi?
You know that you saw us like
together?
- I'm sorry, I did mention it
to Yasu, was that bad of me?
- Yasu's fine, Nobuo's
the one I'm worried about.
Do you think Yasu would've said
anything?
- No, Nobuo and Shin found out
when Takumi was talking
about it at the party.
(Hachi gasping)
- Takumi said she was wagging
her tail like a puppy duck.
Then Nobuo, freaked.
- What the hell?
- Hang on, he didn't mean it.
He was just being
thoughtless, but you know,
I'm surprised he went back
to see Hachi after that,
He usually hates getting
seriously involved
with any of the women he dates.
She threw a drink at him.
I thought that'd be it.
He'd never want to have
anything to do with her again.
But this time's different,
maybe this time he really likes
her.
- So what exactly did
Takumi say at the party?
- Well, Ren said that Takumi
told the guys
that he was going out with you.
- Going out with me?
Oh, I bet he stood there all
calm and cool
like he always does and said
to them, I did it with her.
Like it was some big joke.
- You know him well then.
You mentioned Nobuo just now.
Why are you worried about what
he thinks?
Is something going on?
- Well, last night,
Nobuo came over saying he needed
to talk.
He said he was gonna be
better than Takumi
or it was something like that.
I didn't really get what he
meant by it,
but now...
- Ah, he came to confess
his undying love for you.
- Do you really think so?
But he never actually said
he was in love with me.
- He probably couldn't
bring himself to say it,
but everyone can tell
he's got a thing for you.
It's so obvious.
- Aww, how can I be so dense?
I had no idea.
What am I gonna do?
- So, is that why you
didn't come to the studio
for rehearsal today?
- Yeah.
- There's no need to freak out.
There really isn't anything
you can do about it anyway.
You're in love with Takumi.
- But finding true love.
I love stories like that.
- I like all that
slushy stuff too.
I'm a romantic at heart,
till then, I'm happy with a
few distractions along the way.
I should never have come.
I can't compete with him.
What was I thinking?
I can't just leave it
like this between us.
I feel like I've gotta do
something.
- In that case, don't just sit
there mumbling to yourself.
Get off your butt and
go talk to her.
If Hachi never comes to
one of our rehearsals again
because of this, it's
gonna be all your fault.
- Fine, I'll go and see her,
but it's probably
a waste of time.
It's like I'm on a suicide
mission or something.
- Suicide mission?
- Damn it!
I wish there was just one thing
I was better at than Takumi.
- There is one.
- Really?
- Oh, hold on a second.
(phone ringing)
- Not answering?
- I gotta go.
- Business again?
Don't get arrested.
Hey, you can't just steal my
clothes,
especially my best jacket.
Wait, Shin, you never
answered my question.
What's the one thing I've got
over Takumi?
- You love her.
(car engine revving)
- Hey, it's Shin.
Yeah, yeah, I should
have been more careful.
You mind if I come and
pick it up now?
(door unlocking)
(door bell ringing)
- You left it on purpose, didn't
you?
- Hmm.
- Get in here.
- Reira.
- Hmm?
- Pay in advance.
(water splashing)
- [Hachi] Down by the river,
I could hear Nana singing.
Her voice carried by the wind.
It was the same song that Nobuo
played
the day he came to Tokyo.
I love that song.
It's my all time favorite.
- Listen to her, Ms. Yamada
is probably gonna come out
and yell at you guys again.
(Hachi chuckling)
I'm sorry about yesterday.
I shouldn't have barged in on
you
and I said all those weird
things.
Anyway, now that I have the
chance,
I'm gonna come straight to the
point.
I'm in love with you.
(gentle music)
- I'm sorry, but that
wasn't what I had in mind
when I asked you to come in.
- Then I've got no
reason to be here.
- Don't you want your
lighter back?
- No, you keep it.
- I'm sorry, Shin, you
can have it back.
Just don't be mad at me.
- I lied about charging
100,000 a night.
- Huh?
- Well, there are times I
have to charge more than that,
but I've never had someone
hand me 100,000 in cash before.
It was the first time you've
ever done
anything like that, wasn't it?
At first, I really fell
for your bad girl act.
But once I get in bed with a
woman,
it's easy for me to tell
if she's got a history
of sleeping around.
So you don't have to pretend
anymore.
I feel bad that I took 100,000
Yen
from you like that.
So I figure I owe you at
least one more night with me.
Call me when you want it.
Goodnight, Reira, and
sweet dreams.
(gentle music)
- My heart is confused.
I feel like I'm falling,
maybe I've made a big mistake.
- It's probably not fair
of me to tell you all this,
because I know it's not
gonna make any difference.
You see, I know about
you and Takami.
- [Hachi] I wish he didn't know.
- You're in love with him,
aren't you?
- I wish nobody knew.
I wonder, am I really
in love with Takami,
or maybe I'm just trying
to justify the fact
that I slept with him?
I don't know anymore.
- I'm sorry,
you avoided the studio today,
it was because of me, right?
- No, that's not it.
I didn't come because I
had to work today.
- Well, I just wanted you to
know.
You don't have to worry about
me.
You should keep coming
to rehearsals.
Everyone really misses
you when you aren't there.
Actually, I'm the
one who misses you.
- Thanks, Nobuo.
- Well, that's a relief.
(gentle music)
You know, this is more than
enough for me.
(gentle music)
- What should I do?
What he just said was so sweet.
- [Takami] I want you
all to myself.
- I'm so much happier now than
I was
when I heard Takami
me say those empty words.
What's the point of keeping
his empty pack of cigarettes.
If nothing had happened
between me and Takami,
I'm sure I would've
fallen for Nobuo.
I guess I wanted to be
Nobuo's girlfriend all along.
But if Takami ever comes
over to see me again,
I know I won't be able to resist
and I'll end up
sleeping with him.
I just can't say no.
If only I could figure
out what I really want,
instead I just allow
myself to get carried away
and then I end up with nothing.
When I woke up the next
morning, Nana had already gone.
She'd left a note on the table.
I guess it's not that big a
deal,
I can always see her when
I go to their rehearsals
and it's only for two weeks.
And then she'll be back
after two weeks, right?
Hey, Nana.
I still think about you every
day.
I just wanna see you
across the table from me.
My heart calls out your name,
over and over, as many times as
it takes.